Mango's not only taste great, but have many health benefits.
Here are 15 healthy reasons why you should eat mangoes and discover how the king of fruits
can help you.
Mango's boss immunity as they are packed with nutrients and high in antioxidants.
One cup of mango provides almost 3 quarter of the daily recommended intake of vitamin
C.
Mango's are high in polyphenols which have anti-cancer properties.
Studies show mango polyphenols prevented or destroyed various cancer cells of the colon,
lung, prostate and breast.
Mango's contain nutrients such as magnesium, potassium and a unique antioxidant called
mangefern that support a healthy heart.
The leaves of mangoes help in regulating diabetes.
Long green mango leaves are very tender so they are cooked and eaten in some cultures.
Because the leaves are considered very nutritious, they are also used to make tea and supplements.
Mango leaf extract, managed diabetes due to its effect on blood sugar and fat metabolism.
Mango's are full of tartaric and malic acid and traces of citric acid which aid in keeping
the body alkaline.
Mango's fruit fills your body up with essential vitamins and nutrients making you feel fuller
with fewer calories.
Mango's are packed with vitamin E making it a perfect fruit to improve eyesight.
It also prevents night blindness and dry eyes and protects eyes from harmful UV rays.
Mango's have aphrodisiac properties and is known as the love fruit.
It is known to increase the virility in men.
Mango is rich in vitamin E which is known to improve sexual health.
Mango also improves mood, sexual desire, quality and motion of spoons.
This fruit is very effective in preventing heat stroke as it helps to hydrate and cool
the body.
Mango is aid in boosting concentration and memory.
Since they are packed with vitamin B6, Mango is one of the best brain foods because of this.
Due to its iron and folic acid content, Mango is great for anemic people.
The vitamin C content helps anemic people increase iron absorption in their bodies.
It is especially great for women, especially pregnant women, to give them that extra boost
of iron and folic acid during pregnancy.
Mango's facilitate healthy digestion.
It has enzymes that break down carbohydrates in the body so that they are easily absorbed.
And two, it is high in fiber which helps to prevent constipation and keep the digestive
tract working properly.
However, it is important to note that Mango is metrical gas and bloating in some, particularly
those with irritable bowel syndrome.
Mango contains glutamine which not only helps in tissue repair but also regulates the function
of neurotransmitters which results in less anxiety, less depression and insomnia.
So consumption of Mango is helping stress management.
So if you are stressed, go eat a mango.
Or two, this fruit is excellent for your skin and hair.
When hair is more moisturized and healthy, eating mango improves the skin's elasticity
and helps prevent wrinkles and sagging due to the high vitamin C content.
It can also prevent the growth of acne and pimples.
Besides eating, try applying a paste of mango, honey and milk to your skin or face and leave
it for 10 minutes.
Rinse and you will have smooth, soft skin.
You can also use it as a body scrub with sugar so it can buff away dead skin cells,
leaving the skin soft.